First session - created a function that generates a random result from the winning options - rock, paper or scissors. I also linked it all to the index file.

Update - I have created a function that generates the computers result, another function that pairs the players input with the computers choice and determines the winner. I have also created a loop that iterates through 5 cycles of the game and sends an alert with the result. There are, however, several problems. The score system does not keep track and the output does not correctly display the computer's nor the player choice correctly. 

Update - two step forward, three back. Managed to get the game working but with problems - it kepy printing out multiple versions of the result and the computer selector was broken. I have fixed one problem but now can't get all the functions to flow together correctly. Next time!
Update - So I had two big ideas while thinking about the problem outside of actually coding. 1. The game function should encompass every other function, so that the other functions are just internal. 2. I should use a switch to determine the winner and loser of each round. I thought this would mean that I wouldn't be able to do an output of what the user and the computer picked, but if I used a template literal I could keep that and not lose that line of output. For the switch statment I tried and failed a few times. So I kept with a separate if elese functions. I had massively overcomplicated the problem and made two functions doing the same thing, but one relied on the other. This meant that my game was working but would output several different results. I think this is because I was trying to use function() == const and the determiner wasn't reading it correctly. However, I found this example on the Odin project examples list https://github.com/BiOHazarD0528 and it really helped me understand how to use the switch more effectively. Now the game seems to work well. Just have to build the visual part of the page now as well.
Update! - Starting to implement more buttons, now switching to a completely button based game, rather than a text based system. I still like the idea of a text input system but I think it is also worthwhile learning how to implement buttons correctly - this way will help me do that. Messed around a little with the HTML but its still very ugly. 

Update - I have made significant progress but new problems appeared. One big result was replacing the "script" in the HTML to the bottom of the page as it wasn't reading the page correctly when executing the javascript. I have made it so the buttons correctly correspond to the player choice but now the computer selection is stuck, so I will have to find a way to reset that. After that it's simply a matter of updating the scoreboard and the output for the computer selection (simply!).

Update - Figured out how to fix the computer selection problem. It was a set figure that wasn't updated each game because of the format I used to create it, so I altered the selection method using an array and  .length. Now, every round the computer makes a new choice. I used .innerHTML to add this result to the bottom of the results section and did the same thing with the scoreboard. So now, the game effectively works but without the 5 game limit and it still looks ugly. Next is to implement the counter and stop the game after five non-tied rounds and add animation to the placeholders to show the computer selection.

Update- Added icons, updated the tracker to limit the game at when one player gets to 5 (still buggy) and working on altering the animation for how the computer choice is displayed.

Update - Fixed the issue with the tracker, the game now stops when a one side reaches 5 wins. I also installed a reset button to reactivate the buttons and put the scores back to 0. I also changed some of the CSS and the layout of the page. It's looking better but still very juevenile. Oh I added a shadow when the user hovers over the buttons. Next I'd like to add the icon images to the background of the player choices and sort out the highlighting of the computer choice.

Update - Little successes today. I made some big changes to the html, changing the buttons to inputs. This meant I had to make some changes to the javascript, altering the selectors for the games. But, that wasn't too difficult. After that I finally sorted out the animation to the computer icons, to highlight the computers choice. Once this was working I then added the same thing to the players buttons so there is a nice mirrored effect. I added a navbar to the bottom, for crediting the icon makers and maybe more later. The highlighting is still a little buggy but it works, which is the main thing. Next I can hopefully figure out a way to display the icons on the players buttons!

Small Update - Fixed the player buttons to images. Now they look exactly like the computer icons and react in the same way when chosen. I need to double check the impact of it but this section seems almost complete. One problem I have noticed is that the reset button seems to play a round and the computer selection is highlighted. 